## Work
Right now I am just focusing and responding to diff feedback in a timely manner so I can resend them out for review

While I am working on that I am thinking about the api design a bit as it is changing when I respond to feedback. The biggest question right now is around full duration and what that means for enter + exit transitions.

I really do also wanna get to some new Transitions today and get the basline for what we need in a Transition framework

### Thought Dump
- Do we really care about the designation for Full Duration on Overlay Blocks. Currently we define that as having both the start and end time set to 0
- When things are full duration, do we support transitions, i.e should transitions still run when things are full duration. If so, things become tricky if we do not know the endtime of a particular page that a sticker is on because we can't determine when we should start the exit transition
- How strict do we want to be on gating? Some logic is refactored and not gated as it works for both control and enabled while not affecting the control behavior
- *VIM* Deleting to the end of a line in vim mode is a bit cumbersome
- Gonna be resetting the duration changes I made for now until I discuss options for supporting "full duration" enter + exit transitions
- There is a cleanup opportunity with how we map overlay blocks to their duration config / sticker transitions
- Fiddling with duration will inevitably cause issues when adding clips. This is probably already true in production.
- Let's think about a better way to differentiate enter + exit animation enums. All the when statements have a catchall else which won't give us a build failure where we add more transitions

### Adding a new Transition
- Update TransitionType with new types
- Update OverlayTransitions to create animators for new transitions
- Update IdeaPinTransitionExtensions to support new transitions on creation
- Update IdeaPinOverlayDurationContract with new wrapper types
- Update strings.xml with new Strings
- Update TransitionSelectionModal to add new buttons, this part can be simplified when the layout is a recycler view and can just generate new views based on the data
- Update GlDrawer to support new transitions on the OpenGL side
	- Currently that means we have to know how to interpret that animation + animator values and write appropriate matrix transformation code